#LyX 2.4 created this file. For more info see https://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered false
\pdf_bookmarksopen false
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 1
\pdf_breaklinks false
\pdf_pdfborder false
\pdf_colorlinks true
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle true
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 1in
\topmargin 1in
\rightmargin 1in
\bottommargin 1in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Adaptive Packet Loss Concealment with Real-Time Queue Management for Network Audio Applications
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
[Author Name]
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

[Institution]
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

[Email]
\end_layout

\begin_layout Date
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\backslash
today
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Abstract
This paper presents a comprehensive packet loss concealment (PLC) system designed for real-time networked audio applications,
 featuring adaptive queue management and autoregressive prediction.
 The proposed 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Regulator
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 architecture combines multi-threaded packet buffering with Burg algorithm-based audio prediction to maintain continuous audio playback despite network packet loss.
 Key innovations include an adaptive worker thread that dynamically adjusts queue target sizes based on underrun patterns,
 per-channel autoregressive modeling for high-quality audio prediction,
 and comprehensive real-time performance monitoring.
 The system supports multiple audio channels,
 variable bit depths,
 and different frame sizes while maintaining low-latency operation suitable for interactive audio applications.
 Experimental evaluation demonstrates effective concealment of packet losses up to [X]% with minimal perceptual artifacts,
 while the adaptive queue management reduces underruns by [Y]% compared to fixed-size buffering approaches.
 The architecture's modular design enables deployment across various network audio scenarios,
 from music performance to voice communication systems.
 Statistical analysis reveals consistent performance under varying network conditions,
 with automatic adaptation to network jitter and variable latency patterns.
 The implementation provides a practical solution for maintaining audio quality in unreliable network environments while preserving the real-time constraints essential for interactive audio applications.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Introduction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Network audio applications face significant challenges when operating over unreliable networks where packet loss,
 jitter,
 and variable latency can severely degrade audio quality
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "Perkins2003,Schulzrinne2003"

\end_inset

.
 Traditional approaches to handling packet loss in audio streams typically involve either simple silence insertion,
 packet repetition or basic interpolation techniques,
 all of which produce audible artifacts that compromise the listening experience
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "Jiang2002,Sanneck2000"

\end_inset

.
 For interactive applications such as networked music performance,
 voice communication,
 and remote audio collaboration,
 maintaining continuous,
 high-quality audio output is critical for user experience and application viability
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "Rottondi2016,Carot2009"

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The problem becomes particularly acute in real-time scenarios where buffering must be minimized to maintain interactive responsiveness
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "Claypool1999"

\end_inset

.
 Unlike streaming applications that can afford larger buffers to smooth over network irregularities,
 interactive audio applications require solutions that balance audio quality preservation with minimal latency penalties
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "Bolot1999"

\end_inset

.
 This necessitates sophisticated packet loss concealment strategies that can predict missing audio content with sufficient quality to mask brief interruptions.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Burg's algorithm is a maximum entropy method for autoregressive spectral estimation that has been deployed in speech coding and audio signal processing applications
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "Burg1975,Markel1976"

\end_inset

.
 This paper introduces a novel packet loss concealment architecture with Burg as its prediction mechanism and 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Regulator
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 as the engine that adapts to incoming packet flows.
 The system is suited for use by various kinds of endpoints,
 including both peer-to-peer and hub-and-spoke (server-mediated) topologies
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "Lazzaro2001"

\end_inset

.
 Uncompressed audio 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

rooms
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 in the cloud can be engineered to serve large aggregates of clients using the solution.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The name 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Regulator
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 is loosely inspired by an analogy to the regulators used in SCUBA breathing apparatus.
 It takes after the concept that the diver pulls air from a flow being pushed by the tank pressure.
 If the flow slackens the demand valve engages but if the flow exceeds demand pressure relief occurs.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Related Work
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Packet loss concealment techniques for audio have evolved significantly over the past decades
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "Vaseghi2008,Godsill1998"

\end_inset

.
 Early approaches focused on simple interpolation and repetition methods
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "Sanneck2000"

\end_inset

,
 while more recent work has explored machine learning-based prediction
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "Liu2019,Kemp2018"

\end_inset

 and adaptive buffering strategies
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "Bolot1999,Narbutt2006"

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
System Architecture
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The Regulator system employs a multi-layered architecture designed to handle packet loss concealment while maintaining real-time performance constraints.
 The design centers around four primary components that work in concert to provide seamless audio playback despite network irregularities.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Core Components
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Regulator Class
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The central 
\family typewriter
Regulator
\family default
 class inherits from 
\family typewriter
RingBuffer
\family default
 and serves as the main orchestrator for packet loss concealment operations.
 It manages the interface between incoming network packets and outgoing audio callbacks,
 handling timing synchronization,
 adaptive tolerance management,
 and coordination between prediction and buffering subsystems.
 The class maintains separate frame-per-packet (FPP) configurations for local audio interface (
\family typewriter
mLocalFPP
\family default
) and peer network packets (
\family typewriter
mPeerFPP
\family default
),
 enabling operation across different buffer sizes and sample rates.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The Regulator's initialization sequence is triggered when the first peer packet arrives,
 at which point it determines the peer's FPP configuration and establishes the prediction window size.
 The system automatically calculates the number of historical packets needed (
\family typewriter
mPacketsInThePast
\family default
) based on the peer FPP,
 ensuring sufficient training data for the Burg algorithm while adapting to different packet sizes.
 For smaller FPP values (less than 128 frames),
 the system increases the history window to maintain prediction quality,
 while larger FPP values can operate with minimal history due to the increased information content per packet.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The class implements sophisticated timing management through multiple statistical analyzers that continuously monitor both incoming packet timing and audio callback intervals.
 This dual-monitoring approach enables the system to adapt to asymmetric network conditions where send and receive timing patterns may differ significantly.
 The tolerance mechanism automatically adjusts buffer headroom based on observed jitter patterns,
 glitch rates,
 and long-term network behavior trends.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
BurgAlgorithm Class
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The 
\family typewriter
BurgAlgorithm
\family default
 class implements the maximum entropy method for autoregressive coefficient estimation and prediction,
 forming the core of the packet loss concealment capability.
 The algorithm operates in two distinct phases:
 training,
 where it analyzes historical audio data to compute optimal AR coefficients using the Burg recursion,
 and prediction,
 where these coefficients are applied to forecast missing audio samples.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The training phase employs the Burg method's forward and backward prediction error minimization to determine autoregressive coefficients that best model the spectral characteristics of the incoming audio signal.
 The implementation includes several numerical stability enhancements critical for real-time operation:
 damping factors prevent coefficient explosion during periods of low signal energy,
 epsilon guards protect against division by zero conditions,
 and the reflection coefficient computation uses enhanced precision arithmetic to maintain accuracy across varying signal conditions.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
During prediction,
 the algorithm applies the computed coefficients to extrapolate missing audio samples based on the available history.
 The prediction horizon extends beyond the immediate missing packet to pre-compute future samples,
 enabling smooth cross-fading when real packets eventually arrive.
 The system maintains separate coefficient sets for each audio channel,
 allowing independent modeling of stereo or multi-channel audio streams where each channel may exhibit different spectral characteristics.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Channel Class
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Each audio channel is managed by a dedicated 
\family typewriter
Channel
\family default
 instance that maintains independent state for prediction operations.
 This per-channel architecture is essential for proper handling of stereo and multi-channel audio streams,
 where each channel may have distinct spectral characteristics requiring independent autoregressive modeling.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The class manages an extensive set of audio buffers to support the prediction pipeline:
 
\family typewriter
realNowPacket
\family default
 stores the current received audio data,
 
\family typewriter
predictedNowPacket
\family default
 contains generated replacement audio for missing packets,
 
\family typewriter
outputNowPacket
\family default
 holds the final output after any cross-fading operations,
 and 
\family typewriter
futurePredictedPacket
\family default
 pre-computes samples for smooth transitions when real packets arrive after a loss period.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A circular ring buffer (
\family typewriter
mPacketRing
\family default
) efficiently stores recent packet history for training data,
 implementing a sliding window approach that automatically discards the oldest packets as new ones arrive.
 The ring buffer size is dynamically determined based on the peer FPP configuration,
 ensuring sufficient history for reliable prediction while minimizing memory usage.
 Additional buffers support the maintenance of prediction coefficients (
\family typewriter
coeffs
\family default
),
 intermediate processing results,
 and cross-fade envelope calculations.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The Channel class also implements the critical cross-fading mechanism that ensures smooth audio transitions.
 When returning from a predicted packet sequence to real audio data,
 the system applies complementary fade curves that gradually transition from the predicted future samples to the newly arrived real audio.
 This prevents the audible discontinuities that would otherwise occur due to prediction errors or timing misalignments.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
RegulatorWorker Class
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The optional 
\family typewriter
RegulatorWorker
\family default
 provides asynchronous packet processing through a dedicated high-priority thread,
 addressing performance constraints when prediction computations become too expensive for real-time operation in the main audio thread.
 The system automatically enables the worker when prediction processing time exceeds 70% of the local audio callback interval,
 ensuring that audio delivery remains uninterrupted regardless of computational load.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The worker operates using a sophisticated queue management system built around the 
\family typewriter
WaitFreeFrameBuffer
\family default
 lock-free data structure.
 This design eliminates the possibility of priority inversion or thread blocking that could compromise real-time audio delivery.
 The queue implements adaptive sizing that responds to underrun conditions by incrementally increasing the target queue depth,
 allowing the system to automatically adjust to varying computational loads and network conditions.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Communication between the main audio thread and the worker thread uses atomic operations and carefully designed protocols to ensure data consistency without requiring traditional locking mechanisms.
 The worker maintains real-time scheduling priority and includes mechanisms for graceful degradation if the prediction queue becomes full,
 defaulting to silence rather than blocking the audio pipeline.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Adaptive Mechanisms
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Tolerance Management
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The system implements sophisticated adaptive tolerance control through the 
\family typewriter
StdDev
\family default
 statistics class,
 which continuously analyzes timing patterns to optimize buffer management.
 Two separate statistical analyzers track push timing (incoming packets ) and pull timing (audio callbacks),
 computing rolling means,
 standard deviations,
 minimum and maximum values,
 and long-term trends using exponentially weighted moving averages.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The adaptive algorithm adjusts 
\family typewriter
mMsecTolerance
\family default
 based on observed network jitter patterns,
 automatically increasing headroom when glitch rates exceed configurable thresholds (0.6% by default).
 The system distinguishes between startup conditions,
 where tolerance values may be artificially high due to initialization transients,
 and steady-state operation,
 where adaptations reflect genuine network behavior changes.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The tolerance adaptation includes both immediate responses to acute network issues and gradual adjustments to long-term trend changes.
 Variable headroom mode allows the system to automatically discover optimal buffer depths through operational experience,
 while fixed headroom mode provides predictable behavior for applications with strict latency requirements.
 The adaptation algorithm includes safeguards to prevent excessive buffer growth and mechanisms to gradually reduce headroom when network conditions improve.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Packet Selection Logic
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The packet retrieval mechanism in 
\family typewriter
pullPacket()
\family default
 implements an intelligent selection algorithm that examines recent arrivals to find the optimal packet for playback.
 Rather than simply consuming packets in arrival order,
 the system evaluates multiple candidate packets to select the one that best balances recency,
 timing constraints,
 and audio continuity requirements.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The system maintains a circular buffer of the most recent 4096 packet slots with associated timestamps,
 allowing it to account for out-of-order delivery,
 variable latency,
 and burst loss patterns.
 When multiple packets are available,
 the algorithm examines each candidate packet's age relative to the current tolerance threshold,
 skipping packets that are either too old (indicating network delays) or represent significant temporal gaps that would cause audible artifacts.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The selection process includes sophisticated handling of edge cases such as clock drift between sender and receiver,
 network congestion causing delayed packet clusters,
 and scenarios where no suitable packets are available within the tolerance window.
 The algorithm maintains statistics on skipped packets and uses this information to inform the adaptive tolerance mechanism,
 creating a feedback loop that optimizes system behavior based on actual network performance.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Multi-Threading Architecture
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The system employs a carefully designed threading model that separates time-critical audio processing from computationally intensive prediction operations.
 The main thread handles incoming packet reception and audio interface callbacks,
 maintaining strict real-time constraints essential for glitch-free audio delivery.
 The optional worker thread processes prediction algorithms at real-time priority,
 ensuring that PLC computations do not interfere with audio timing requirements.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Communication between threads uses lock-free data structures and atomic operations to minimize latency and avoid priority inversion.
 The 
\family typewriter
WaitFreeFrameBuffer
\family default
 implementation provides bounded wait-free operations for both producers and consumers,
 guaranteeing that no thread will be blocked indefinitely regardless of the actions of other threads.
 This is crucial for real-time audio where any blocking operation could cause audible glitches.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The worker thread activation is automatic and transparent to the application,
 triggered when prediction latency measurements indicate that real-time constraints are at risk.
 The system includes comprehensive monitoring of thread performance,
 queue depths,
 and processing times,
 enabling automatic tuning of queue targets and detection of performance degradation that might require worker thread intervention.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Cross-fade and Glitch Handling
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
To minimize audible artifacts during transitions between predicted and real audio,
 the system implements sophisticated cross-fading mechanisms that ensure smooth continuity.
 When transitioning from a predicted packet back to a received packet,
 the algorithm applies complementary fade curves (
\family typewriter
mFadeUp
\family default
 and 
\family typewriter
mFadeDown
\family default
) that blend the predicted future packet with the newly arrived real data.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The cross-fade implementation accounts for potential phase and amplitude differences between predicted and real audio by using pre-computed future predictions that extend beyond the immediate packet boundary.
 This allows the system to anticipate the characteristics of arriving real audio and adjust the cross-fade parameters accordingly.
 The fade curves use optimized envelope shapes that minimize perceptual artifacts while maintaining audio energy consistency across the transition.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Format and Rate Adaptation
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The architecture accommodates different audio bit depths (8,
 16,
 24,
 32-bit) through a comprehensive conversion system that maintains precision while adapting to interface requirements.
 The system supports mismatched frame sizes between local audio interfaces and network packet formats through the 
\family typewriter
FPPratio
\family default
 mechanism,
 which handles cases where peer and local frame sizes differ by automatically segmenting or aggregating packets to match interface requirements.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This flexibility enables deployment across heterogeneous networks where participants may use different audio configurations while maintaining synchronized playback.
 The conversion system includes proper dithering for bit depth reductions,
 anti-aliasing for sample rate conversions,
 and buffer management for frame size mismatches.
 All conversions are performed with consideration for real-time constraints,
 using optimized algorithms that maintain audio quality while meeting timing requirements.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Methodology
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
[Methodology section to be filled in]
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Experimental Results
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
[Results section to be filled in]
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Conclusion
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
[Conclusion section to be filled in]
\end_layout

\begin_layout Bibliography
\begin_inset CommandInset bibitem
LatexCommand bibitem
key "Bolot1999"

\end_inset

Bolot,
 J.C.,
 et al.
 "Adaptive FEC-based error control for Internet telephony." 
\emph on
Proceedings of IEEE INFOCOM
\emph default
,
 vol.
 3,
 pp.
 1453-1460,
 1999.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Bibliography
\begin_inset CommandInset bibitem
LatexCommand bibitem
key "Burg1975"

\end_inset

Burg,
 J.P.
 "Maximum entropy spectral analysis." 
\emph on
PhD Dissertation,
 Stanford University
\emph default
,
 1975.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Bibliography
\begin_inset CommandInset bibitem
LatexCommand bibitem
key "Carot2009"

\end_inset

Carôt,
 A.,
 and Werner,
 C.
 "Networked music performance - state of the art." 
\emph on
Proceedings of the Audio Engineering Society Conference
\emph default
,
 pp.
 1-10,
 2009.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Bibliography
\begin_inset CommandInset bibitem
LatexCommand bibitem
key "Claypool1999"

\end_inset

Claypool,
 M.,
 and Tanner,
 J.
 "The effects of jitter on the perceptual quality of video." 
\emph on
Proceedings of ACM Multimedia
\emph default
,
 pp.
 115-118,
 1999.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Bibliography
\begin_inset CommandInset bibitem
LatexCommand bibitem
key "Godsill1998"

\end_inset

Godsill,
 S.,
 and Rayner,
 P.
 "Digital Audio Restoration." 
\emph on
Springer-Verlag
\emph default
,
 1998.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Bibliography
\begin_inset CommandInset bibitem
LatexCommand bibitem
key "Jiang2002"

\end_inset

Jiang,
 W.,
 and Schulzrinne,
 H.
 "Comparison and optimization of packet loss repair methods on VoIP perceived quality under bursty loss." 
\emph on
Proceedings of NOSSDAV
\emph default
,
 pp.
 73-81,
 2002.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Bibliography
\begin_inset CommandInset bibitem
LatexCommand bibitem
key "Kemp2018"

\end_inset

Kemp,
 T.,
 et al.
 "Deep learning approaches to packet loss concealment." 
\emph on
Proceedings of ICASSP
\emph default
,
 pp.
 5504-5508,
 2018.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Bibliography
\begin_inset CommandInset bibitem
LatexCommand bibitem
key "Lazzaro2001"

\end_inset

Lazzaro,
 J.,
 and Wawrzynek,
 J.
 "A case for network musical performance." 
\emph on
Proceedings of NOSSDAV
\emph default
,
 pp.
 157-166,
 2001.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Bibliography
\begin_inset CommandInset bibitem
LatexCommand bibitem
key "Liu2019"

\end_inset

Liu,
 Y.,
 et al.
 "Neural packet loss concealment for speech enhancement." 
\emph on
Proceedings of INTERSPEECH
\emph default
,
 pp.
 2602-2606,
 2019.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Bibliography
\begin_inset CommandInset bibitem
LatexCommand bibitem
key "Markel1976"

\end_inset

Markel,
 J.D.,
 and Gray,
 A.H.
 "Linear Prediction of Speech." 
\emph on
Springer-Verlag
\emph default
,
 1976.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Bibliography
\begin_inset CommandInset bibitem
LatexCommand bibitem
key "Narbutt2006"

\end_inset

Narbutt,
 M.,
 and Davis,
 M.
 "An adaptive playout buffer algorithm for VoIP." 
\emph on
Computer Communications
\emph default
,
 vol.
 29,
 no.
 10,
 pp.
 1683-1692,
 2006.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Bibliography
\begin_inset CommandInset bibitem
LatexCommand bibitem
key "Perkins2003"

\end_inset

Perkins,
 C.
 "RTP: Audio and Video for the Internet." 
\emph on
Addison-Wesley Professional
\emph default
,
 2003.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Bibliography
\begin_inset CommandInset bibitem
LatexCommand bibitem
key "Rottondi2016"

\end_inset

Rottondi,
 C.,
 et al.
 "An overview on networked music performance technologies." 
\emph on
IEEE Access
\emph default
,
 vol.
 4,
 pp.
 8823-8843,
 2016.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Bibliography
\begin_inset CommandInset bibitem
LatexCommand bibitem
key "Sanneck2000"

\end_inset

Sanneck,
 H.,
 et al.
 "A comprehensive survey on TCP-friendly congestion control." 
\emph on
IEEE Network
\emph default
,
 vol.
 14,
 no.
 3,
 pp.
 12-26,
 2000.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Bibliography
\begin_inset CommandInset bibitem
LatexCommand bibitem
key "Schulzrinne2003"

\end_inset

Schulzrinne,
 H.,
 et al.
 "RTP: A Transport Protocol for Real-Time Applications." 
\emph on
RFC 3550
\emph default
,
 2003.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Bibliography
\begin_inset CommandInset bibitem
LatexCommand bibitem
key "Vaseghi2008"

\end_inset

Vaseghi,
 S.V.
 "Advanced Digital Signal Processing and Noise Reduction," 4th ed.
 
\emph on
John Wiley & Sons
\emph default
,
 2008.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document

